Rune shapes, inscriptions - I've dedicated my
life to studying these. The more I
studied, the more I
found the same shapes in the stars of the sky.
That's when I
decided to dedicate myself to becoming a Rune Seeker. As
Farrow kindly explained,
runes are very powerful ancient inscriptions. By
socketing them into items, they
grant you even more power.
During the League, by inscribing symbols onto remnants, you'll be able to choose
from several types of crafting runes to enhance your items.
When you encounter a remnant, it will
have between two and seven empty slots. The
more slots it has, the
more powerful the remnant encounter will be,
but it will also give you more options.
Early in the game, you'll
choose simple damage runes or resistance runes.
These
can be obtained at lower levels than they normally are and
give you a significant power boost. But this is where it gets really
interesting. There
are 22 runes that add or modify rune words.
Rune words are a new resource that protects your character from death. You
can use these runes to add an extra layer of defense, or you can
use Kargul's rune skill to turn rune
words into offensive tools.  There are also
13 runes that enhance specific weapon types.
For example, this one gives grenades a chance to explode again.
Or, this one grants a new buff called Druid's Proficiency when you inflict a heavy stun on an enemy.
Furthermore, there are 22 runes
designed to empower players at lower levels.
For example, this one grants a large amount of elemental resistance.
This one grants a lot of spirit.
These runes are powerful, but they are
designed to decrease in value as you level up. They will be useful
when power leveling another character in the League. We have also
added 6 runes that expand your mod pool when you are doing high-level crafting.
For example, socketing Katla's Gloom into gloves will allow you to
craft a lot of new Decay mods. They
can be used in damage over time builds.
After socketing this type of rune, you can
use regular Noble Orbs or Chaos Orbs to
try crafting new mods. There are also
several runes that have powerful results for items, but they will
permanently occupy a socket.
For example, this one allows items to have an additional suffix.
This one allows you to have a jewel socket.
This type of rune
Elemental mods convert one element into another. They can upgrade
other runes, some even going
beyond their normal limits. The
last one I'll show you is
Alder's Legacy. It's a special rune that, when
socketed into a Kargul or Ezomite unique, destroys it and
creates a rune with some of that unique's properties.
For example, you can
use it on Trampletoe to
create a Trampletoe Legacy rune.
Socketing this into boots will make it deal 10%
overkill damage to all enemies within a 2m radius, just like the unique it was based on.
What about Twisted Empyrean's Legacy?  You can
shatter the twisted sky and add frost damage
to all weapons based on your maximum mana. The
Legacy of Aldur allows you to generate hundreds of runes with a
vast variety of unique effects. As I've
explained, you're probably
thinking that the number of runes is enormous. And you'd be
right, because
this is Runes of Aldur after all. But we didn't want to
leave any old runes behind either. A
large portion of the ancient runes that haven't been used will
receive buffs, which will
greatly improve the crafting system. Experience the full potential of runes in the
Return of the Ancients update on May 30th JST. See you then
!